artificial intelligence is at large scale evil
machine learning is how AI works nowadays
ai is killing people slowly and quickly
maddie is puppy's mom
lesbianism is the best ism
hello my name is puppy



We were on a college trip for the photography club. It turned out that the hotel we had booked was going through emergency renovation, so we had to rent a cheap motel. The eight of us, counting the two assistant professors, were each paired up and assigned a room. Of course, I had to go with her .

Me and that one girl walked to our rooms. Of course, she was trying to chat up a storm with me like always. I think she actually thought we were friends.

“Do you ever stop talking? It’s just yap yap yap with you every time. And it’s almost like you follow me around.” I turned to her as she stopped in the hallway. “What, ya gonna cry? You wanna cry like a little baby?”

Her lip quavered, but at least I’d shut her up. I almost started to feel bad, but then I remembered how utterly annoying she always was.
“Just… Let’s get to our room, okay?” I said, softening my tone a little.

She did as I told her, staying quiet for the rest of the very short walk down the hall. She seemed to be pensive, thinking about something or other. Like I cared. I tried my best to ignore it, but her thinking expression was just so annoyingly distracting. I shook my head to clear my thoughts.

“You really think that’s a coincidence? That we’re always together, I mean,” she asked. Her face was indescribable. I couldn’t help but to hate her for having such an annoying face.

“Are you trying to say it isn’t? Who could possibly be conspiring to torture us?”

We got to the room while I awaited her response, and I inserted the key into the lock. I studied her face for a reaction, but I couldn’t read it. Opening the door, I let her go first. She hurried in and set her massive amounts of luggage in one corner. I followed after her, putting my belongings in another.

“So, um, only one bed. That might be awkward,” Sarah said, chewing on her lip. “Cass, what do we do?”

I told her, “I take the bed, and you take the floor. Go try to get some more bedding.”

She pouted, puffing her lip out. She somehow had the nerve to mumble, “What if we shared the bed?”

“Excuse you?” I stalked over to her and glared down at her from my inches-higher vantage point.

She seemed to shrink under my gaze even farther, and replied, “It was just…a joke. I’m sorry.” She was mumbling again, but I could hear her just fine. I really had gotten very close to her. Her face had started to color quite a lot.

“Oh, what, can’t handle it? And you’re the one who said you wanted to sleep with me.” My tone was more playful than mean this time, but I think it definitely had an edge to it.

Her face colored even more, the red reaching all the way from the tips of her ears down to below the neck of her shirt. I almost wanted to look down and see how far it went, just to see her reaction. She backed up even farther, bumping against the bed and falling onto it. I considered joining her, pinning her, purely to get a rise out of her, but no. Instead, I stared at her, glared at her, and crossed my arms. The expression on her face was pleasingly shocked.

Wait, what am I doing? I’m in the cheapest motel room in the state with the girl I find most annoying, and I’m enjoying it? I’m enjoying time with Sarah?

“We need to get to bed. Sleep on your luggage, I don’t care.” I was being harsh to her again. Will I ever learn to be nice?

“O-okay. Sorry.” I’m not sure why she apologized, but that was the last thing I wanted.

I bore her back down just as she was getting up, pushing her wrists against the bed. “You want something to be sorry for?” I asked. “Be sorry for what we’re about to do.”

Her face was filled with fear and, deeper, excitement. I wasn’t sure exactly what I was going to do, but luckily I was saved by the figurative bell just as I would have needed to figure it out.

The door cracked open, and one of our assistant professors peeked in upon this insane scene. He took in the mess of luggage, the messed-up bedding, and me standing over Sarah like I was in horror.

“I’m sorry, am I interrupting?” he asked.

Sarah was quick to respond with a hurried, harried “No!”

I eyed the man, daring him to continue, and his nerve broke. He rushed out and shut the door behind him.

I licked my lips somewhat nervously, to wet them, and focused back upon the subject of my…what is this? My ‘desire’ isn’t right. I certainly don’t want her, although I don’t not want her. So what am I doing?

“Ugh. Just go,” I said, letting her up.

She got off the bed and went to her pile of bags, opening one and taking out a pillow and a travel blanket. “Cass,” she said, her voice almost hurt, “will we ever happen?”

I eyed her with fake disgust and responded, “Never.”

But was that what I wanted? I mean, come on. This is the best situation for it, after all. I mean, come on. A pair of gorgeous women in one motel room, with only one bed. Well, gorgeous certainly isn’t accurate. I’m not sure what I was, but I knew for certain that Sarah was nothing special to look at. So why was she so magnetic today?

“Well, okay. If you make a barrier between us, you can sleep in the bed.” I have no idea what had gotten into me as I said that. I shook my head at my own words.

She brightened up, and restrained herself from running at me, but only just. “Hey, thanks. I really like spending time with you, Cassie.”

“Don’t call me Cassie. It’s Cass, and you know it.” Even despite her ridiculous corruption of my name, I almost liked that she said such a thing. Maybe it wouldn’t be so bad if she had a special nickname for me.

As if she was reading my mind, Sarah asked, “What if we had special names for each other? It would be sweet, almost like we’re a couple.”

Of course she had to go and say that. Bad enough that we were alone together, but now she wants us to be a couple? I hated her so much. I hated her. I couldn’t feel anything but hate for her, and never would. Never.

“Hey, y’know they say that love and hate are next-door neighbors,” she said blithely. Again with the mind-reading.

“And how exactly is that relevant?”

“Well, I’d like to help you cross over from one doorstep to the other, if we’re to continue with that metaphor.”

“Ugh, shut up. I thought I told you to build that barrier.”

As we spoke, she was laying with her elbow resting on her arm and staring at me with her doe eyes. Don’t get me wrong; that’s an objective statement. It’s certainly not anything to do with attraction or anything. Just shut up already.

I turned to put my back toward her, and she immediately tapped me on the shoulder. I rolled back over. “What in the world do you want?” I asked, fairly rudely.

“I just wanted to see you. I missed you” she said, as if that was the most normal thing in the world.

“You didn’t even wait one second before making me turn back around. How could you have missed me?”

“Well, you’re just so alluring. I can’t help it.”

Why is she smiling? I keep acting like this toward her, and she’s smiling. As I was studying her, she pulled out a little digital camera and took a picture of me. When I saw it the next day, I was so embarrassed. Not in a bad way.

I stared at her, smoldering with anger. Unreasonable anger? Yes. No. Not unreasonable. Rational, reasonable anger. But her skin really was so luscious. Maybe I should consider it.

“Sarah. Do you really want this?”

“I do. Do you?”

“I don’t…I don’t know.”

“Are you gonna figure it out?”

“Maybe. Let’s see,” I said, tentatively, softly kissing her.

I almost immediately broke the kiss, of course. But for just a moment, it was nice. A nice moment. Of course, I still hated her. But that doesn't preclude stuff like this, does it? Well, maybe it does. But exceptions can always be made.


Cass is the love of my life
Okay maybe that’s a little much to say but she’s certainly very very important to me We’ve known each other for forever and I’ve been feeling all sappy about her for most of that time She stole my heart and won’t give it back
She’s not very nice to me but that doesn’t really matter to me I still have hope that it’s an act and she really does like me at least as a friend

So that brings me to yesterday We were taking a field trip with our photography club and we ended up staying in a cheap motel two to a room I was lucky enough to be assigned to a room with Cass Somehow I usually manage to be with her for any sort of group thing 
I had ended up making mindless chatter while staring at her beautiful form walking at her side to our room As usual she was full of scorn and nothing else
Do you ever stop talking It’s just yap yap yap with you every time And it’s almost like you follow me around she said Each word she said seemed to carry no meaning but they were beautiful nonetheless Everything about her was really
Nevertheless I made sure to force my lip to quaver a little as if I was going to cry Can’t be too obvious about how I feel after all And it made her all pitiful too
Just Let’s get to our room okay
When she wasn’t being harsh her voice was all the more angelic I think my heart actually skipped a beat after that sentence honestly
I’m good at following her commands so I quieted down for the rest of the short walk down the hall I was currently disguising my enamored state by acting like I was thinking about our plans for the weekend
It’s okay to reveal a little of how I feel I think So I ask her You really think that’s a coincidence That we’re always together I mean It got really difficult for a second to hold my thoughtful expression
Are you trying to say it isn’t she asked incredulously Who could possibly be conspiring to torture us
While I can’t say it didn’t hurt whenever she was so mean to me her bullying was also magnetic just like everything else about her
As I tried to think of a response we arrived at the locked door to the room Cass produced a key and let me in then followed me I tried to shove all my luggage into the smallest possible area so they wouldn’t be too much of an annoyance for her
And wait for it a miracle There was only one bed This is one of those situations you only ever read about
I tried to be nonchalant chewing on my lip to look anxious and mumbling So um only one bed That might be awkward I looked at her Cass what do we do
I try to use her name a lot because I read somewhere that it makes people like you more I really wanted her to like me
She had a plan for this eventuality apparently She bluntly flatly stated I take the bed and you take the floor Go try to get some more bedding
I pouted making a big show of it Maybe she’d find it cute It was nerve-wracking but I found the nerve to quietly ask What if we shared the bed
Both of our faces colored quite a bit blushes rising at the untoward question
Excuse you She loomed over me which was easy for her since she was a few inches taller It was really intimidating leaving me feeling like a prey animal or maybe a deer in headlights
It was just a joke I’m sorry I was feeling pretty bashful I had after all just asked Cass — Cass — to sleep with me She was right above me now her face only a couple inches from mine
Oh what can’t handle it And you’re the one who said you wanted to sleep with me
I’m pretty sure my face got even redder than before which I wasn’t really aware was possible
I kind of lost control of my body stumbling back and onto the bed Cass was glaring at me but that also meant she was looking at me which was both very exciting and very nerve wracking
She seemed to hesitate then remembered she needed to be mean to me We need to get to bed Sleep on your luggage I don’t care Won’t she ever just be nice to me for more than ten seconds
O-okay Sorry I stuttered I hate when I stutter but somehow it’s not so bad when I’m talking to her
That seemed to activate some kind of prey drive in her as she tackled me back to the bed pinning my wrists against it My heart was beating so loud the whole motel must’ve been able to hear it
You want something to be sorry for she asked Be sorry for what we’re about to do
Oh God this is it This is the moment She’s finally falling for me or at least succumbing to lust
At the worst possible time an assistant professor cracked the door open He surveyed the scene made a decision and forged ahead
I’m sorry am I interrupting he asked softly
I quickly blurted No I’m not sure why I did but I did
I was pretty sure it was over then but Cass licked her lips like a wolf sizing up its meal focusing on me
Then everything was really ruined She got up letting go of me and said Ugh Just go
That just about broke my heart
I started unpacking my bedding to hide my tears But one last desperate bid might help
Cass She looked at me Will we ever happen
She looked at me with disgust and answered Never
That was that Finality
I couldn’t stop myself from letting the tears fall as I stared at her
Her will broke and she said Well okay If you make a barrier between us you can sleep in the bed
Olive branch obtained I grabbed on desperately cheering up instantly
Again I tried for nonchalant saying Hey thanks I really like spending time with you Cassie That was a shot in the dark; I had no clue if she’d be okay with the extra familiar nickname
She was not Don’t call me Cassie It’s Cass and you know it
But despite that she seemed like she was almost hiding a smile
Time for another shot in the dark What if we had special names for each other It would be sweet almost like we’re a couple
I waited for a second but she didn’t respond
Hey y’know they say that love and hate are next-door neighbors I stated
And how exactly is that relevant she scathingly asked
Well I’d like to help you cross over from one doorstep to the other if we’re to continue with that metaphor
Ugh shut up I thought I told you to build that barrier
Jeez I’m so fucked I don’t know why I thought something so cheesy would work Nonetheless I couldn’t stand up to work on that barrier I was busy getting lost in her perfect hazel eyes studying the golden flecks scattered unevenly throughout
She turned away from me and I tapped her on her shoulder after waiting an endless second
She rolled back over asking harshly What the hell do you want
I just wanted to see you I missed you Inside thought inside thought What am I doing
You didn’t even wait one second before making me turn back around How could you have missed me
Well you’re just so alluring I can’t help it Fucking hell my mouth needs to stop running and start consulting with my brain It really just keeps going off on its own I can’t even keep the grin off my face as I stare at her
Fuck it better capture this moment I pulled a little camera from my pocket and snapped a photo That pissed her off But if I hadn’t I might never have gotten what came next The best moment of my life
Sarah Do you really want this
I do Do you I will never give up hope
I don’t My heart fell But then Cass continued I don’t know
Are you gonna figure it out




     
    Skip header

Actions

    Bookmark 

Comments Share

Work Header

Rating:

        Explicit 

Archive Warning:

        No Archive Warnings Apply 

Category:

        F/F 

Fandom:

        Original Work 

Relationship:

        Olivia McAllister/Lilly McAllister 

Characters:

        Olivia McAllisterLilly McAllister 

Additional Tags:

        IncestSibling IncestSibling LoveFluffTrans Female CharacterYuriShort & SweetFluff and SmutInsecurityBut Only a Little Bit - FreeformNo Angsti think. idk i'm new here lmk 

Language:
    English 
Stats:

    Published:
        2026-02-22
    Updated:
        2026-02-21
    Words:
        1,797
    Chapters:
        1/?
    Comments:
        3
    Kudos:
        12
    Bookmarks:
        2
    Hits:
        170

(Restricted) Liv and Lil
orphan_account
Summary:

    failgirl little sis x caring big sis what can go wrong

Notes:

    this is the first smut i'm posting!
    please keep your criticisms friendly but i would love feedback!
    i don't write super often but sometimes i do! it's really inconsistent

Chapter 1: Firsts
Chapter Text

My older sister Olivia knocked gently on my doorframe, half-whispering, "Hey, how're you feeling today?"

Blearily, I considered tossing a pillow at her but the only one I had was acting as a substitute for a real person in my bed.

I responded, after a moment of thought, "Better than yesterday." My throat seemed to have a frog in it, so it was more of a croak than anything. Been a while since I last spoke, I guess.

"You sure? You don't sound great."

"Mm, just tired. Lemme sleep?"

She shot one last concerned look at me before closing the door. Finally. My hand darted under the covers and I proceeded to soak it with my built-up arousal. It gets hard to bear when she's around so much.

I'm pretty sure she could hear the wet, slushy sounds that echoed through my near-empty room, but that just made it better. She didn't say anything, but I have my suspicions.

I won't bore you with the details, but when I finally got off it was loud, messy, and glorious. If she hadn't heard my rubbing, she definitely heard the screaming that ripped free as I reached the peak. Regardless, she never brought it up, ever the shining figure of purity.

A few hours later, I left my room for the first time in, what, 36 hours? I'm usually pretty active, and I was beginning to get cabin fever, but my sister insisted that rest was the most important thing in my life. I only got my tonsils out, but from the way she acted you'd think they had operated on my heart or something.

Her shining face greeted me when I entered the living room. She was laying on the couch watching a cooking show, the picture of beauty. Michelangelo should be so lucky as to capture her image. Her voice shook me out of the fugue state that witnessing her put me in as she asked, "What's up? Need something?"

"Nah, just got bored. Having fun?"

"Mhm! Wanna watch with me?" She sat up and patted the cushion next to her on the couch.

I nodded and paced over, but I chose her lap instead of the couch cushion. She made a better seat, anyway.

She sputtered a bit when I did, almost like she was flustered. No reason she should be; I had sat there dozens of times throughout our childhood. Admittedly, it had been a few years, but that shouldn't change anything. I glanced back to study her face, and sure enough it was beet red. Curious. I wiggled my ass a little on top of her and felt a pressure: she was hard. My eyes widened and she squeaked.

My blush rose to match hers. Breathlessly, I apologized, and she shook her head but pushed me off anyway. I pouted inwardly, but I just accepted it outwardly. Not much to do about it, after all. I wanted to press closer, but I didn't for fear of rejection.

Instead, we just both zoned out on her show until Netflix asked if we were still there. She didn't confirm for a minute, so I glanced over and saw that she was sleeping. She had a really cute sleeping face. It was a much better thing to zone out on.

I don't know how much time passed, but she woke with a start, catching me. We made eye contact, my face a portrait of need, and she looked away quickly. My heart fluttered anyway.

 

The rest of the day passed in a blur. You can't blame me for having to tear my eyes away from her crotch every time I saw her. You'd do the same if you saw her. If you felt her bulge. God, I wanted to feel it again. But I don't get to complain unless I'm willing to be proactive.

"Hey Liv?"

She looked like a trapped animal when she met my eyes. Did I scare her? Mine flitted down to her lap again, and she noticed. Better push forward.

"We should talk about earlier," I continued.

"Um, talk about what?" Her voice was timid, but maybe not outright fearful. I hope.

"When I tried to sit on your lap."

Her eyes refused to meet mine; she looked at anything else.

"Liv, I'm not mad. Did you think I was?"

She nods. She's shutting down, fuck.

"Can I tell you a secret?" My mouth set off running without my permission.

She nods again, chancing a glance at my eyes before darting away again.

I exhale deeply, trying to get my nerves in check. "Olivia McAllister, I am–fuck, sorry, I mean. Um." Gulp. "I might kinda sorta be. Um. Into you?"

I'm not sure I could have phrased that any worse, but hey, it's out there now. Hanging in the air. The moment crystallizes, seeming to last a thousand times longer than it has any right to.

Her eyes widen, dilating almost like she just shot up with something hard, until I can barely see the sea-green of her irises.

Hope flares in my chest.

Then she sits down and her eyes stop moving, staring at the countertop.

My heart shatters prematurely.

She glares up at me, her anger worse than a thousand wounds. "Don't make fun of me. It's not funny."

I blinked. She thought I was teasing?

I drew breath to defend myself, but before I could she blurted, "Just cuz I got a hard-on when you sat on me doesn't mean– I mean– Fuck, Lil, I didn't mean to– I can't control them!"

Tears filled my eyes. My voice was far smaller than I intended as I whispered, "I wasn't kidding."

If she wasn't already sitting, she would have fallen over.

"Wait, Lilly, don't cry! I just– God I feel disgusting–"

I stare at her, willing myself to move closer, to give her a hug, but my body doesn't move.

She stands, surprisingly steady on her feet, and approaches. I almost flinch, but I stand my ground.

I watch, in a trance, as she gathers me up in a tight hug and picks me up. I don't resist, melting into her. She carries me to the couch and sits me down on her lap, facing her.

She asks, "You swear you were serious?"

I can't do anything but nod. My heart flutters and my anxiety rises, but my dreams are fulfilled moments later.

My first kiss. Maybe 19 is pathetically late, but I didn't care. It was well worth the wait.

Her tongue pressed at my closed lips and I opened them, letting in heaven. 

She released far too soon for my tastes, ending the bliss almost sooner than it started. For all that, I was still flushed bright red and panting.

"I'm so sorry, Lil."

In response, I pressed my lips to her neck in a gentle but insistent kiss, then bit her lightly and left what I hope will become a hickey. I looked deep into her eyes, searching for approval or lust or affection–anything but rejection. I saw her want and her need for me, and my hips involuntarily bucked against her lap, making her yelp.

I whisper-whimpered, "Please take me. Please fuck me, Olivia. Please." My vocalizations devolved into repetitions of the word 'please' in between nips at her neck and shoulders.

After the first sentence, I felt her harden to full mast under me and I grinded on her more, almost dry-humping. 

She groaned and stopped my little love bites to force me into another blindingly hot kiss. My hips kept generating friction as our lips locked and our tongues intertwined. 

Into her mouth I whispered, "I love you, sister." I've never meant anything more than that little sentence.

Her resolve broke and she whispered back, "I can't anymore."

She wriggled beneath me and I realized she wanted me to get off. I did, hoping against hope that she would take off her cute little skirt and fuck me silly.

She did. The skirt and blouse came off–I'd never seen a cuter pair of tits–and she purred at me to "Get on your knees."

I leaned over the couch, presenting my body as well as I can, and she stripped my leggings off. My soaked panties stuck as they came off next. I tried to ready myself but nothing could have prepared me for how she felt when she started, her girldick rubbing against my entrance, lubricating itself in my leaking fluids.

Tingles ran down my spine as she slid just the very tip in, penetrating me for the first time. Too quickly, she pulled it out, and I almost sobbed in despair. She soon put it back in, eliciting a needy moan from my throat. This time she went slightly deeper and my eyes crossed with the pleasure.

It proceeded like that, with her putting less than a centimeter more in every time, until she was slowly spitting me from base to tip. I'd already cum twice, and another orgasm was coming.

My breathy, breathless exhales filled the air. I squirted all over her girlcock on her next thrust with a loud moan, making a mess of the carpet. I hadn't known I could squirt.

She kept using my body until she alerted me that "I'm gonna cum, Lil. It-it's coming, it's coming, it's coming!"

My cunt was filled with her cream, making me cross my eyes again, causing the best climax of my life.

 

Hours later, we were laying together on my bed, our limbs tangled and our hair disheveled. She came in my pussy twice after that first time and in my mouth once, and we were both exhausted.

I was a little worried about pregnancy, but she had been on hormones for years at that point so the risk was low. Not that it would be unwelcome, of course, I just wasn't sure I was ready.

I turned to her, laying a kiss on her sleepy form, and asked the scary question at the back of my mind: "What are we now?"

"Do we have to be anything?"

"Um, no, but I just. Wanted to see if you wanted to be."

"Do you want to be something?"

"I asked first, Liv!"

She has the cutest laugh. "Fine, fine! I, um. Do you want to date me?"

A thrill goes down my spine and I answer by pressing my lips to hers.

She giggles out, "Is that a yes?"

"You're the love of my fucking life. Of course it's a yes."

Somehow, that flusters her, even after she made you cum quite literally 11 times. "You're the love of mine. My sister, my lover, my love."

"My sister, my lover, my love. Forever and always."

"Forever and always."

Bliss.

Maybe Let’s see
Then she did something I never expected hardly even dared to hope for This wonderful woman pressed her lips to mine carefully pulling me in and the rest of the night is lost to my memory
